Congrats on getting back

don't want this to be advertisement for yelp, rather a framework

The indifferent

Awesome time during the summer:
	Like many medium-sized companies, Yelp has an internship program set-up to
	make sure that interns have a great time during their summer.  As an intern,
	this is awesome, since you basically get a personal social coordinator who
	plans events all over the city for you, complete with free tickets.

	However, once you become FT, all of unfortunately that goes away.  Sure, the YIP team
	would love to share their knowledge about what's awesome around the city,
	but if I want tickets to a Giants game I have to go and get them myself.
  
Pay
	Money isn't that important to me
	At a certain point money doesn't matter

My Team
	Much like the YIP team, my mobile team is awesome, and it's chocked full of
	super smart people who have been amazing mentors for me.  However, those people won't be
	around forever.  The sad truth is that eventually everyone who I look up to
	will move on and take on new challenges.

	Even within just 8 months of leaving, two of our team members have left for
	new opportunities, and I have no doubt that more will leave over the coming
	months and years.  So while I will be appreciating the time that I have with
	our current team, I also recognize that it won't last forever, and`

	What's more, San Francisco is filled with great teams looking for smart
	people.  Just off the top of my head, I can think of 
	Team is awesome, super talented and great mentors
	There are great teams everywhere
	Team will change, our manager is already leaving

The good

The Teams
	Look around, able to feel comfortable being on pretty much any team

Culture
	Recognition of your work
	Helpfulness
	Policies for dealing with stuff, acceptance
	Commitment to keeping things that way

Team
	Working on mobile is cool
	opportunities to work on both front and backend
	Get to actually build stuff that people use

Reception of our product
	People love Yelp
	It's cool to work on something that people love

The bad

Other people's opinions about Yelp
	It hurts to have your work dragged through the mud
	Not going to say much, we have a PR team

Closes other options
	I like doing a lot of things, being a developer is one
	Giving up the possibility of doing a lot of things, but keeping them open

The things that about all this is the good and bad have stayed the same, the
indifferent has changed. 
